Project 2 - Trial & Error
================
July 3, 2020

# CONCLUSIONS

## Monday

I calculated the mean of the predictions for both the linear and
ensemble models. The **rfNewsDataPred** random forest (ensemble) model
estimated that the mean number of shares for an article published on a
Monday would be approximately 4,082; the **fit16NewPred** multiple
linear regression model estimated that the mean would be approximately
3,514.

The analysis for Monday is [available here](Monday.md).

## Tuesday

The **rfNewsDataPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
for an article published on a Tuesday would be 3,528; the
**fit16NewPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares would be
approximately 3,120.

The analysis for Tuesday is [available here](Tuesday.md).

## Wednesday

The **rfNewsDataPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
for an article published on a Wednesday would be approximately 3,843;
the **fit16NewPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
would be 3,336. The RMSE for the linear model (8215.138) is lower than
that of the random forest model (8567.245).

The analysis for Wednesday is [available here](Wednesday.md).

## Thursday

The **rfNewsDataPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
for an article published on a Thursday would be approximately 3,462; the
**fit16NewPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares would be
3,126. The RMSE for the linear model (10220.05) is lower than that of
the random forest model (10236.14).

The analysis for Thursday is [available here](Thursday.md).

## Friday

The **rfNewsDataPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
for an article published on a Friday would be approximately 3,462; the
**fit16NewPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares would be
3,126. The RMSE for the linear model (10220.05) is lower than that of
the random forest model (10236.14).

The analysis for Friday is [available here](Friday.md).

## Saturday

The **rfNewsDataPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
for an article published on a Saturday would be 3,747; the
**fit16NewPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares would be
approximately 3,268. The RMSE for the linear model (8874.317) is lower
than that of the random forest model (8949.476).

The analysis for Saturday is [available here](Saturday.md).

## Sunday

The **rfNewsDataPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares
for an article published on a Saturday would be 4,020; the
**fit16NewPred** model predicted that the mean number of shares would be
approximately 3767. The RMSE for the linear model (6056.581) is lower
than that of the random forest model (6119.516).

The analysis for Sunday is [available here](Sunday.md).
